Fixing Typos in READMEs (#1818)
UniMath/UniMath: INSTALL.md

  change to the Foundations package, then you can add `-o
  check-for-change-to-Foundations` to the "make" command line.

> - Memory limits: pull requests are tested automatically by "travis" at GitHub,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Memory limits: pull requests are tested automatically by GitHub CI,
```
